girlfriend there is so much new makeup
at the drugstore I don't know what to do
I don't know what I'm going to walgreens
it up like okay oh my god i guess i
gotta get that to show you guys just to
show these guys alright so there's new
stuff from wet and wild the fergie line
that i'm going to show you guys also
i'll show you a few other things that i
picked up i picked up this garnier
fructis full and plush route amp lifting
spread moose by Gorn yang I want to try
that hopefully in the favorites
hopefully we won't be in a poo some more
foundations the Revlon Photoready
airbrush effects and do you guys want a
bachelor or a bite on this end demo also
the Rimmel lasting finish 25 hour with
comfort serum full coverage you want a
vascular bundle net though day he says
we knew thumbs up if you want the
foundations Oh cover girl has come out
with new quads and they look just like
the old or the Maybelline quads like
this i swatched these and they are
beautiful this one was my favorite kind
of topi colors this is in a sombra
sombra it's 0 MP or 8 i'll have
everything listed below but these are
beautiful girls beautiful for spacious
guys a little bit aloof yeah couple up
like that one's a little powdery but
aren't get beautiful okay forget forget
forget all right new blushes there's
three new blushes one is a really dark
peach with shimmer this one is a pale
peach this one's a brush with destiny
brush with destiny around okay these are
supposed to be locked in our blushes so
this one is a pale peach hotel with a
little bit of gold shimmer in it and I
thought it would look like coralista now
this one is both of these are a little
powdery but on the cheek they're really
pretty now this one right here the
lightest one
the collection looks a little bit more
powdery on the cheek and it's a really
pick up and swatching with your I've
been swatching it's a really pale color
so only I think light skin tone could
get away with this but it's really
pretty it is these bows are really
powdery though this one is a hot pink
and it's what I'm wearing right now this
is wait a minute what is this this is
brush with destiny this is brush with
danger it's a goods a blue tone hot pink
come on show your color and like I said
when you put your brush in here it like
I was trying to do it it picks up a lot
of product but it's a beautiful blue
tone undertone pink and it looks pretty
on the cheek now when you swatch it it
kind of looks powdery and patchy a
little bit I don't know about the
wearing power I'll have to hopefully
give you an update in my friday
favorites but this one's really pretty
also I'm so excited they have three
shades of this this is the come
corrector celebrity concealer this one's
in medium beige this is the darkest one
at least it was the last one in the
displays on guessing it's the darkest
one it's medium beige so light I got
this one because it's you know fairly
light or whatever um it's supposed to be
a corrector this is has a pink undertone
which I really like this is so thick and
emollient it is so full coverage this
reminds me of the the it cosmetics Baba
under eyes or whatever it's that
consistency really sticky and thick so
you wouldn't need a little bit of this
and I could definitely see you needing
to set it you know for sure but it's got
great coverage so I'm hoping it you know
it seems like it's going to be
moisturizing so that's a medium beige
just look at it you know it's fairly
like so
okay and then they came out with this
one's a new palette this one is in
camouflage couture and I just thought
these greens were beautiful they've had
rigored a pattern especially this one oh
now Oh in that gorgeous and then this
lighter one Jolene well this one is Matt
but it has gold shimmer in it but it's
see it's Matt pretty much satin and then
this green they're really pretty now the
gold in the center is very powdery you
can see but the really pigmented and
really pretty so that's them and safe
I'm wearing one today they came out with
these velvet matte lip colors their
crayons um I hadn't even taken the thing
off because I'm so excited um let's see
this one is one of the nudes it's in a
351 trend ascendants tren dissonance
tren dissonance a 351 so it's a twist up
and it's just a very you know nude your
lip color um they feel they're Matt you
know they look Matt but they're creamy
they're not thick or sticky they're
really creamy but the it comes off Matt
I'm the one I'm wearing right now if
plum juin plunge owen plum doin a 356
and that's what i'm wearing it's a
beautiful plum color my lips are really
really chat right now and just like any
lipstick you know Canon situate your
chapped lips but for it being a math
it's a matte velvet uh it's really
pretty now they're not the longest
wearing products but this one stains
your lips a little bit but they have
nudes they have a bright orange coral
color they have a purple
violet color yeah so that's it okay
that's new products that I just picked
up mainly wet and wild i just want to
show you that i'm most excited about
that corrector the cover girls things
and the two foundation so thumbs up if
you want bash it or buy it demos on
these two foundations younger i'm so
excited about all these new prize
alright i will talk to you guys later
subscribe you're not subscribe this
breathe okay who did not but none but
okay